function: Add validation for parameter name conflicts and update defaulting logic (#936)
hashicorp/terraform-plugin-framework: website/docs/plugin/framework/functions/documentation.mdx

| Field Name | Description |
|---|---|

> | `Name` | Single word or abbreviation of parameter for function signature generation. If name is not provided, will default to the prefix "param" with a suffix of the position the parameter is in the function definition. (`param1`, `param2`, etc.). If the parameter is variadic, the default name will be `varparam`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Name` | Single word or abbreviation of parameter for function signature generation. If name is not provided, will default to the prefix "param" with a suffix of the position the parameter is in the function definition (e.g., `param1`, `param2`). If the parameter is variadic, the default name will be `varparam`. |
```

Supernit

| `Description` | Documentation about the parameter and its expected values in plaintext format. |
| `MarkdownDescription` | Documentation about the parameter and its expected values in Markdown format. |

> The name must be unique in the context of the [function definition](/terraform/plugin/framework/functions/implementation#definition-method) and is only for documentation purposes. The name can be helpful when there is a need to disambiguate between multiple parameters, such as the words `cidr` and `ip` in a generated function signature like `cidr_contains_ip(cidr string, ip string) bool`.

Author: Ah okay, I like the phrasing you used 👍🏻
